baylands error message (#2991)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/sim_gazebo_gz/README.md

In other words, use `make px4_sitl gz_x500` instead of `make px4_sitl gz_x500_default` for the default.
:::

> :::warning

Reviewer: I think a note. It's important, but not "scary"

```suggestion
:::note
```

Author: @hamishwillee I don't know. If I see a bright red error message, I would read it and ctrl + C out of Gazebo. I think it's important to highlight that this error is expected.

> Baylands has a lot of meshes and will throw the following error: `[Err] [SDFFeatures.cc:843] The geometry element of collision [collision] couldn't be created`. This is expected and does not break the functionality of Gazebo. In the newest release, Gazebo Harmonic, this has been downgraded to a [warning](https://github.com/gazebosim/gz-physics/pull/531). As such, it can be ignored when using baylands. If you are particularly worried about it, you can also [install gz-garden from source](https://gazebosim.org/docs/garden/install_ubuntu_src) as the warning has been backported as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Baylands has a lot of meshes and will throw the following error: [Err] [SDFFeatures.cc:843] The geometry element of collision [collision] couldn't be created`.
This is expected: it does not break the functionality of Gazebo and can hence be ignored.

The error has been downgraded to a warning in Gazebo Harmonic: [gz-physics/pull/531](https://github.com/gazebosim/gz-physics/pull/531).
If you are particularly worried about the warning you can squash it by [installing gz-garden from source](https://gazebosim.org/docs/garden/install_ubuntu_src) (the warning has been backported).
```

Author: @hamishwillee Sounds better than what I wrote :)

Reviewer: Yes, except cursed Github lost it. Trying again.
